TODO
=====

Long named options.

Get ideas from this list of options:

       -0, --no-numerals
              Don't include numbers in the generated passwords.

       -1     Print the generated passwords one per line.

       -A, --no-capitalize
              Don't bother to include any capital  letters  in  the  generated
              passwords.

       -a, --alt-phonics
              This  option doesn't do anything special; it is present only for
              backwards compatibility.

       -B, --ambiguous
              Don't use characters that could be confused  by  the  user  when
              printed,  such  as 'l' and '1', or '0' or 'O'.  This reduces the
              number of possible passwords significantly, and as such  reduces
              the  quality  of  the passwords.  It may be useful for users who
              have bad vision, but in  general  use  of  this  option  is  not
              recommended.

       -c, --capitalize
              Include  at  least  one capital letter in the password.  This is
              the default if the standard output is a tty device.

       -C     Print the generated passwords in columns.  This is  the  default
              if the standard output is a tty device.

       -N, --num-passwords=num
              Generate  num  passwords.   This  defaults  to  a  screenful  if
              passwords are printed by columns, and one password.

       -n, --numerals
              Include at least one  number  in  the  password.   This  is  the
              default if the standard output is a tty device.

       -H, --sha1=/path/to/file[#seed]
              Will  use the sha1's hash of given file and the optional seed to
              create password. It will allow you to compute the same  password
              later, if you remember the file, seed, and pwgen's options used.
              ie: pwgen -H ~/your_favorite.mp3#your@email.com gives a list  of
              possibles  passwords for your pop3 account, and you can ask this
              list again and again.

              WARNING: The passwords generated using this option are not  very
              random.   If you use this option, make sure the attacker can not
              obtain a copy of the file.  Also, note that the name of the file
              may  be  easily available from the ~/.history or ~/.bash_history
              file.

       -h, --help
              Print a help message.

       -s, --secure
              Generate completely random, hard-to-memorize  passwords.   These
              should  only be used for machine passwords, since otherwise it's
              almost guaranteed that users will simply write the password on a
              piece of paper taped to the monitor...

       -v, --no-vowels
              Generate  random passwords that do not contain vowels or numbers
              that might be mistaken for  vowels.   It  provides  less  secure
              passwords  to  allow  system administrators to not have to worry
              with random passwords accidentally contain offensive substrings.

       -y, --symbols
              Include at least one special character in the password.


